Wait wait wait oh no  no sound
Ahw a lot, because it like it goes through all of like Amsterdam
Germany, yes, and then there's one.
Its kind of seperated like France is on its own
And then the one in the Rhine...
It would go from like you could go from Amsterdam through Germany.
into Austria, yeah, yeah, and then like, it goes like Budapest and
other areas yeah I would really like to do
Am the
Europe like river cruise and I heard it's really nice
where the ship isn't like made to be
Huge like the ones that goes in the ocean, it's smaller
So almost every room has...
A view and a balcony.
yeah like if you want it's the size of a
to the balcony like...
I don't know. I think it's like the...
advertisement that I get it's like affordable like it's not
horrendous like
No, I think the flight may be different.
Yeah, just cruise itself, yeah.
It's usually seven days ish.
7 to 14, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah
Yeah... yeah
yeah... yeah....yeah
So I would like to...but...
you
Hey, its a like..
yeah
That was...
Yeah!
uh...I don't know why he just freaked out and
I'm okay with kids freaking out, you know, it happens, you know, some things.
Boot camp.
but when he wouldn't make his decision.
Yeah...yeah...
Yeah.
Yeah...yeah...yeah.
So I was really disappointed because I wanted to go.
Kayaking is so bad.
And I wanted...I signed up because like in Japan...
I had the opportunity.
to do canoeing, and so I would take kids out.
to the canoeing...to the lake and I just
it was so peaceful and serene and so I was so like
okay i'm gonna kayak and i'm gonna experience the serene and it's like
uh...
I don't think so. I think he's stubborn in that way, but you know what
What have been better is...
the guy asked him the the attendant asked him to get on the kayak
right when a big wave was coming in.
And then as he was trying to get in, it flipped the boat.
And that spooked him and then it was over at that point.
He could. He takes swimming lessons.
I have no idea. I have no idea.
yeah...he had a life less. But I think
At this point, he was too afraid, so I wasn't gonna fight that.
But I was like, hmm.
Yeah, I would like to go.
Yeah, I would like to go like...
kayaking or something outdoors
I know...But there's also a lot of places I would like to travel.
Umm...Oh.
More than Japan though, I really want to go see the Northern Lights with him.
I would... I don't know.
Where would you go? Canada?
or Alaska.
Yeah, the higher north you go is better. So Fairbanks
Alaska is ...oh okay in that sense.